README.md, before:

*Simple Live Stream* - FFmpeg Uncomplicated Stream Script

This is a simple script to simplify streaming platforms like **YouTUBE** or **Twitch** through **ffmpeg**

## Steps to make it work:
- install ffmpeg
    - **Ubuntu:** apt-get install ffmpeg
    - **Mac** install ffmpeg on a mac
    - **Windows**: unsupported but you probably can install windows subsystem for linux and **apt-get ffmpeg**
- Add stream keys:
    - Get a Youtube Stream Key and put in **config.sh** as **YOUTUBE_KEY**
    - Get a Twitch Stream Key and put in **config.sh** as **YOUTUBE_KEY**
- edit **DEFAULT_VIDEO_SOURCE** to reflect the video background file
- edit your playlist, default **music.txt** playlist with One music file per line 
  in the following format: '**file filename.mp3**' . Note the word file is required
- optionally run the screen command if you want to run it remotely
- optionally add an overlay to your video with **add_image.sh**
- run **stream.sh** with optional parameters below

## Syntax examples:
### stream using defaults in config.sh
   > ./stream.sh
### stream to twitch restarting on a loop if streaming fails
   > ./stream.sh -t twitch -l YES
### stream playlist "music.txt" with background "title.png"
   > ./stream.sh -p music.txt -t title.png
### stream playlist dance.txt with video video.mp4 as a background
   > ./stream.sh -p dance.txt -v video.mp4
### stream playlist play.txt with overlay overlay title.png and video video.mov in the background
   > ./stream.sh -p play.txt -o title.png -v video.mov >log.txt @&1 -l YES &&
### pre-create a video with your overlay to use less resources while streaming
   > ./add_image.sh {input.video} {output.video} {overlay.image}

## optional parameters
- **-p [playlist]**  provide a file playlist
- **-t [target]**    provide a target - youtube or twitch
- **-v [video]**     provide a video file for background
- **-i [img.file]**  provide a image for the background, preferably transparent png
- **-o [image]**     provide an image to overlay on video
- **-d [dir]**       provide a dir to play all audio files in a directory
- **-c [config]**    provide an alternate config to support multiple configs

## main files:
- **config.sh**    - variables to customize the script
- **common.sh**    - common functions
- **stream.sh**    - main stream script
- **add_image.sh** - overlay an image on an existing video

Commit message:

Added a warning that this branch is not prod

README.md, after:

*Simple Live Stream* - FFmpeg Uncomplicated Stream Script

Simple live stream is currently being rewritten in python, this branch does not compile.

Please use master branch for now if you want to run a radio


This is a simple script to simplify streaming platforms like **YouTUBE** or **Twitch** through **ffmpeg**

## Steps to make it work:
- install ffmpeg
    - **Ubuntu:** apt-get install ffmpeg
    - **Mac** install ffmpeg on a mac
    - **Windows**: unsupported but you probably can install windows subsystem for linux and **apt-get ffmpeg**
- Add stream keys:
    - Get a Youtube Stream Key and put in **config.sh** as **YOUTUBE_KEY**
    - Get a Twitch Stream Key and put in **config.sh** as **YOUTUBE_KEY**
- edit **DEFAULT_VIDEO_SOURCE** to reflect the video background file
- edit your playlist, default **music.txt** playlist with One music file per line 
  in the following format: '**file filename.mp3**' . Note the word file is required
- optionally run the screen command if you want to run it remotely
- optionally add an overlay to your video with **add_image.sh**
- run **stream.sh** with optional parameters below

## Syntax examples:
### stream using defaults in config.sh
   > ./stream.sh
### stream to twitch restarting on a loop if streaming fails
   > ./stream.sh -t twitch -l YES
### stream playlist "music.txt" with background "title.png"
   > ./stream.sh -p music.txt -t title.png
### stream playlist dance.txt with video video.mp4 as a background
   > ./stream.sh -p dance.txt -v video.mp4
### stream playlist play.txt with overlay overlay title.png and video video.mov in the background
   > ./stream.sh -p play.txt -o title.png -v video.mov >log.txt @&1 -l YES &&
### pre-create a video with your overlay to use less resources while streaming
   > ./add_image.sh {input.video} {output.video} {overlay.image}

## optional parameters
- **-p [playlist]**  provide a file playlist
- **-t [target]**    provide a target - youtube or twitch
- **-v [video]**     provide a video file for background
- **-i [img.file]**  provide a image for the background, preferably transparent png
- **-o [image]**     provide an image to overlay on video
- **-d [dir]**       provide a dir to play all audio files in a directory
- **-c [config]**    provide an alternate config to support multiple configs

## main files:
- **config.sh**    - variables to customize the script
- **common.sh**    - common functions
- **stream.sh**    - main stream script
- **add_image.sh** - overlay an image on an existing video
